GH-8583: Add Java & DSL samples into docs (#8608)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/service-activator.adoc

[[service-activator-namespace]]
==== Configuring Service Activator

> With Java & Annotation configuration, there is just enough to mark respective service method with the `@ServiceActivator` - and the framework calls it when messages are consumed from an input channel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Java & Annotation configuration, it is sufficient to mark the respective service method with the `@ServiceActivator` annotation - and the framework calls it when messages are consumed from an input channel:
```

====
[source,java]
----
public class SomeService {

    @ServiceActivator(inputChannel = "exampleChannel")
    public void exampleHandler(SomeData payload) {
        ...
    }

}
----
====

See more information in the <<./configuration.adoc#annotations, Annotation Support>>.

> For Java, Groovy or Kotlin DSL, the `.handle()` operator of an `IntegrationFlow` represents a service activator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Java, Groovy or Kotlin DSLs, the `.handle()` operator of an `IntegrationFlow` represents a service activator:
```

====
[source, java, role="primary"]
.Java DSL
----
@Bean
public IntegrationFlow someFlow() {
    return IntegrationFlow
             .from("exampleChannel")
             .handle(someService, "exampleHandler")
             .get();
}
----
[source, kotlin, role="secondary"]
.Kotlin DSL
----
@Bean
fun someFlow() =
    integrationFlow("exampleChannel") {
        handle(someService, "exampleHandler")
    }
----
[source, groovy, role="secondary"]
.Groovy DSL
----
@Bean
someFlow() {
    integrationFlow 'exampleChannel',
            {
                handle someService, 'exampleHandler'
            }
}
----
====

> See more information about DSL in respective Java, Groovy and Kotlin chapters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See more information about the DSLs in the respective Java, Groovy and Kotlin chapters.
```

Add links to those chapters?

> To create a service activator with an XML configuration, use the 'service-activator' element with the 'input-channel' and 'ref' attributes, as the following example shows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a service activator when using XML configuration, use the 'service-activator' element with the 'input-channel' and 'ref' attributes, as the following example shows:
```
